examples/doc Add example LRP yaml files for real-world use cases (#13543)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/local-redirect-policy.rst

`DNS node-cache <https://github.com/kubernetes/dns>`_ listens on a static IP to intercept
traffic from application pods to the cluster's DNS service VIP.

One way to steer traffic to the local DNS node-cache with local redirect policy is to put
the node-cache in its own pod namespace and let it listen on its own IP.
Here are a few steps to create such a setup with a Cilium cluster:

- Make sure to use a Node-local DNS image with `PR <https://github.com/kubernetes/dns/pull/407>`_.
  This is to ensure that we have a knob to disable dummy network interface creation/deletion in
  Node-local DNS when we deploy it in non-host namespace.

- Modify Node-local DNS cache's deployment yaml to pass these additional arguments:
  "-skipteardown=true", "-setupinterface=false", and "-setupiptables=false".

- Modify Node-local DNS cache's deployment yaml to put it in non-host namespace by setting
  "hostNetwork: false" for the daemonset and, in the Corefile, bind to "0.0.0.0" instead of
  the static IP.

- Deploy the modified Node-local DNS yaml and the `local redirect policy
  <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/blob/master/examples/kubernetes-local-redirect/node-local-dns-lrp.yaml>`_.

>   Note that you may need to modify the LRP a bit to match the cluster DNS service you have.

Reviewer: I would even suggest to add our own version of the `node-local DNS` manifest in `examples/kubernetes-local-redirect/`.

Reviewer 2: Done.

          - The local redirect policy namespace is set to the namespace
            in which kiam-agent Daemonset is deployed.

- Once all the kiam agent pods are in ``Running`` state, the metadata requests
  from application pods should get redirected to the node-local kiam agent pods.
  You can verify this by running ``cilium monitor`` with ``related-to`` set to
  the endpoint id of one of the application pods.

Miscellaneous
=============
When a local redirect policy is enabled, cilium BPF datapath translates frontend
ip address from the policy to the ip address of the node-local backend pod selected
by the policy. However, in certain cases, it might be desirable to skip
redirecting traffic in order to avoid packets getting looped back to the backend
pod. This can happen when the backend pod tries to connect to the frontend ip
address, and the traffic is translated to the ip address of the backend pod.
In such cases, we use the Linux kernel `socket lookup functionality <https://lwn.net/Articles/767134/>`_
to identify sockets listening on the backend pod's ip/port/protocol tuple in the
same network namespace where the backend pod traffic originates from, and

> skip service translation.

Reviewer 3: @borkmann were you advocating for these details in the GSG?

IMO this seems a bit too deep into implementation details, and I worry that as we add more and more specific details into the getting started guides that we end up providing the impression that Cilium is too complicated.

This is great, useful information if you're a developer with a problem to solve for which this happens to be the solution. If you're a user, I don't think you can do anything with this information. 

If we phrased this differently under the limitations section, maybe something like
>  "On kernels earlier than 5.1, connections which are proxied via a local pod via LRP may be broken because the kernel cannot distinguish the inbound connection to the pod vs. the outbound connection from the pod. Upgrade to kernel 5.1 or later to address this issue. "

(With potential link to github issue if we have one for more details).

Reviewer 4: I mentioned in https://github.com/cilium/cilium/pull/13287#issuecomment-711902104 that the semantics for LRP services should be documented in that svcIP:port frontend tuples are not translated to the backend for the netns where the backend itself is running (given this might not be obvious or potentially unexpected). So just to make users aware of this case when they'd reuse LRP services for other use cases.

Author: I re-worded the note.

Local Redirect Policy updates are currently not supported. If there are any
changes to be made, delete the existing policy, and re-create a new one.

Real-world Use Cases
====================

> Local redirect policy allows for some real-world applications to run with Cilium.

Reviewer 3: I don't think it's necessary to emphasize `Real-world` here. They're legitimate use cases, if we didn't think so then there's no point in documenting them.

```suggestion
Use Cases
=========
Local redirect policy allows Cilium to support the following use cases:
```

Reviewer 2: Done.

Node-local DNS cache
--------------------
`DNS node-cache <https://github.com/kubernetes/dns>`_ listens on a static IP to intercept
traffic from application pods to the cluster's DNS service VIP.

One way to steer traffic to the local DNS node-cache with local redirect policy is to put

> the node-cache in its own pod namespace and let it listen on its own IP.

Reviewer 3: This talks about "One way", which vaguely suggests that there is another way. But do we support or demonstrate another way?

I wonder if it would be more direct to state something like "The following example steers traffic to a local DNS node-cache which is run as a normal pod, ie with `hostNetwork: false`."

Reviewer 2: Done.

Here are a few steps to create such a setup with a Cilium cluster (`example yaml <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/blob/master/examples/kubernetes-local-redirect/node-local-dns.yaml>`_):

- Make sure to use a Node-local DNS image with `PR <https://github.com/kubernetes/dns/pull/407>`_.
  This is to ensure that we have a knob to disable dummy network interface creation/deletion in

>   Node-local DNS when we deploy it in non-host namespace.

Reviewer 3: I don't suppose there's a released version with this? This could be quite messy for someone to realistically use. If there's no released version, maybe that's OK for now, we can file an issue & revisit when there is an official release version to use.

Reviewer 2: Actually there's a version already that includes the patch, updated.

- Modify Node-local DNS cache's deployment yaml to pass these additional arguments:
  "-skipteardown=true", "-setupinterface=false", and "-setupiptables=false".

- Modify Node-local DNS cache's deployment yaml to put it in non-host namespace by setting
  "hostNetwork: false" for the daemonset and, in the Corefile, bind to "0.0.0.0" instead of
  the static IP.

- Deploy the modified Node-local DNS yaml and the `local redirect policy

>   <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/blob/master/examples/kubernetes-local-redirect/node-local-dns-lrp.yaml>`_.

Reviewer 3: These links should point towards the current branch rather than master. See usage of `SCM_WEB` on how to include links for the current branch. (Feedback applies to the entire PR, I saw other occurances as well)

Reviewer 2: Done for node-local-dns, will verify.

>   Note that you may need to modify the LRP a bit to match the cluster DNS service you have.

Reviewer 3: Are these the steps that are all already applied in the `node-local-dns.yaml`? Would it make sense to have a tabbed section here with one tab for "quick-start" and one tab for "manual configuration"?

Reviewer 2: Done.

>   Note that you may need to modify the LRP a bit to match the cluster DNS service you have.

Reviewer 3: "You may need to modify the LRP a bit" is very vague, can we be more clear here? Eg:

`Note that the LRP above uses ____ for the cluster DNS service, however if your cluster DNS service is different, you will need to modify this example LRP to specify it".

If there are other bits that the user may expect to need to modify, then ideally we would call those out as well. There's two parts to this - provide good, clear examples and explain the components (so that users can see an example and modify on top to get it working) + clearly identifying elements which are likely to need user interaction, and describe the steps to change it.

Reviewer 2: Done.

kiam redirect on EKS
--------------------
`kiam <https://github.com/uswitch/kiam>`_ agent runs on each node in an EKS
cluster, and intercepts requests going to the AWS metadata server to fetch
security credentials for pods.

- In order to only redirect traffic from pods to the kiam agent, and pass
  traffic from the kiam agent to the AWS metadata server without any redirection,
  we need the socket lookup functionality in the datapath. This functionality
  requires v5.1.16, v5.2.0 or more recent Linux kernel.

- Add a metadata label for the kiam agent daemonset, as specified in the example
  `kiam yaml file <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/blob/master/examples/kubernetes-local-redirect/kiam.yaml>`_.
  The same label is used as the ``localEndpointSelector`` label in the `kiam local redirect policy

>   <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/blob/master/examples/kubernetes-local-redirect/kiam-lrp.yaml>`_.

Reviewer 3: Can we spell this out with something along the lines of `$ kubectl -n kube-system patch ds kiam metadata.label=foo`?

Author: I tried that command, it didn't work. Trying to figure out the command to do partial merge of the labels.

- The ``addressMatcher`` ip address specified in the local redirect policy is the
  ip address of the AWS metadata server, and port 80 is the default HTTP server port.
  The port specified in the ``redirectBackend`` configuration in the policy is the

>   port specified in the kiam yaml file, that the kiam agent listens on.

Reviewer 3: This paragraph is unlike the others, the others are typically written in the imperative sense to tell the reader what to do. Configure X, Remove Y from the configuration, etc. On the other hand, this paragraph seems to be describing the LRP. Perhaps we should instead put this outside the list of steps for the user, and have the inline LRP example so that the user can read this text and follow along with the LRP?

Author: Done

           ``hostNetwork: false`` for the daemonset.

         * In the Corefile, bind to ``0.0.0.0`` instead of the static IP.

         * In the Corefile, let CoreDNS serve health-check on its own IP instead of the static IP by
           removing the host IP string after health plugin.

         * Modify Node-local DNS cache's deployment yaml to point readiness probe to its own IP by
           removing the ``host`` field under ``readinessProbe``.

* Deploy local redirect policy (LRP) to steer DNS traffic to the node local dns cache.

  .. parsed-literal::

      $ kubectl apply -f \ |SCM_WEB|\/examples/kubernetes-local-redirect/node-local-dns-lrp.yaml

  .. note::

      * The LRP above uses ``kube-dns`` for the cluster DNS service, however if your cluster DNS service is different,
        you will need to modify this example LRP to specify it.
      * The namespace specified in the LRP above is set to the same namespace
        as the node-local DNS cache daemonset.
      * The LRP above uses the same port names ``dns`` and ``dns-tcp`` as the example quick deployment yaml, you will
        need to modify those to match your deployment if they are different.

> After all ``node-local-dns`` pods are in ready status, DNS traffic should now go to the local node-cache first.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After all ``node-local-dns`` pods are in ready status, DNS traffic will now go to the local node-cache first.
```

You can verify by  running ``cilium monitor`` with ``related-to`` set to the endpoint id of one of the
application pods, or by checking the DNS cache's metrics such as ``coredns_cache_hits_total`` and

> ``coredns_cache_misses_total`` via curling ``<node-local-dns-pod>:9253/metrics``.

Reviewer 3: Just to be clear, what is the user checking for? That these are nonzero?

Reviewer 2: Added one more sentence after this to explain what should be seen.

            .. code-block:: bash

                $ helm repo add uswitch https://uswitch.github.io/kiam-helm-charts/charts/
                $ helm repo update
                $ helm template kiam uswitch/kiam > kiam.yaml

        - Edit the kiam yaml file, and remove the "--iptables" argument passed to the ``kiam-agent Daemonset``.

        - Make sure the ``kiam-agent Daemonset`` is run in the ``hostNetwork`` mode.

        - Apply the kiam configuration.

            .. code-block:: bash

                $ kubectl apply -f kiam.yaml -n kube-system

        .. note::

            - The ``addressMatcher`` ip address in the local redirect policy is set to
              the ip address of the AWS metadata server and the ``toPorts`` port
              to the default HTTP server port. The ``toPorts`` field under
              ``redirectBackend`` configuration in the policy is set to the port that
              the kiam agent listens on. The port is passed as "--port" argument in
              the ``kiam-agent Daemonset``.
            - The local redirect policy namespace is set to the namespace
              in which kiam-agent Daemonset is deployed.

> - Deploy the local redirect policy to redirect pod traffic to the deployed kiam agent.

Reviewer 3: nit, the capital case for "local redirect policy" doesn't seem consistent in this document. We should pick either `Local Redirect Policy` or `local redirect policy` and stick with it throughout the docs. Given that it's a proper noun of a specific feature, I think the common way to format this in the docs would be to capitalize the name.

Author: done

    .. parsed-literal::

        $ kubectl apply -f \ |SCM_WEB|\/examples/kubernetes-local-redirect/kiam-lrp.yaml

- Once all the kiam agent pods are in ``Running`` state, the metadata requests
  from application pods will get redirected to the node-local kiam agent pods.
  You can verify this by running ``cilium monitor`` with ``related-to`` set to

>   the endpoint id of one of the application pods.

Reviewer 3: This is still vague, and assumes the user knows what they're verifying. Many users will not even be familiar with `cilium monitor` particularly as Hubble becomes more prevalent. If we're going to use this as an example, I would suggest spelling it out with an example that shows what the output looks like and how to interpret it.

Author: done

Local Redirect Policy updates are currently not supported. If there are any
changes to be made, delete the existing policy, and re-create a new one.

Use Cases
=========
Local Redirect Policy allows Cilium to support the following use cases:

Node-local DNS cache
--------------------
`DNS node-cache <https://github.com/kubernetes/dns>`_ listens on a static IP to intercept
traffic from application pods to the cluster's DNS service VIP by default, which will be
bypassed when Cilium is handling service resolution at or before the veth interface of the
application pod. To enable the DNS node-cache in a Cilium cluster, the following example
steers traffic to a local DNS node-cache which runs as a normal pod.

* Deploy DNS node-cache in pod namespace.

  .. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Quick Deployment

        Deploy DNS node-cache.

        .. note::

           The quick deployment example yaml deploys node-local-dns in ``kube-system`` namespace,

>            this does not work for GKE clusters.

Reviewer 3: I wonder, does this work if you deploy in a different namespace? Just wondering whether we're trying to tell people there's no way to use this on GKE or whether they just need to do things a little differently.

Author: Umm... The node-local dns pods need to be able to connect to the kube dns pods so you would have to deploy both sets of pods in the same namespace. I'll let @Weil0ng comment on this.

Reviewer 3: any pod should be able to talk to kube-dns assuming there isn't a network policy to prevent it. Is there something special or different about node-local DNS here?

Author: Ah! Yes, that makes sense. :)

Reviewer 2: ah I don't think so, I never tried in non-kube-system ns thought, but I don't see it cannot work? will try it out now and reply here

Author: In order to deploy the pods in some other namespace, I had to comment out this field - `priorityClassName: system-node-critical`. Let's document this.

> Error creating: pods "node-local-dns-" is forbidden: pods with system-node-critical priorityClass is not permitted in cilium namespace

Reviewer 2: It turns out it won't work on GKE because the upstream dns service created by node-local-dns has to be in the same namespace as kube-dns, which is kube-system, which GKE doesn't allow you to deploy random stuff in it.

Reviewer 2: I dropped mention of GKE since this is not how oss nodelocaldns is supposed to work on GKE, which is not caused by/specific to Cilium.

Reviewer 2: Do you see the same error for `priorityClass` in non-GKE clusters? @aditighag

Author: I deployed the pod in the kube-system namespace on my non-GKE cluster. I would imagine the constraint to be specific to GKE.

cluster, and intercepts requests going to the AWS metadata server to fetch
security credentials for pods.

- In order to only redirect traffic from pods to the kiam agent, and pass
  traffic from the kiam agent to the AWS metadata server without any redirection,
  we need the socket lookup functionality in the datapath. This functionality
  requires v5.1.16, v5.2.0 or more recent Linux kernel. Make sure the kernel
  version installed on EKS cluster nodes satisfies these requirements.

- Deploy `kiam <https://github.com/uswitch/kiam>`_ using helm charts.

  .. code-block:: bash

      $ helm repo add uswitch https://uswitch.github.io/kiam-helm-charts/charts/
      $ helm repo update
      $ helm template kiam uswitch/kiam > kiam.yaml

  - If you see an error like "request blocked by whitelist-route-regexp" while
    running requests to the metadata server, then you may need to whitelist the
    metadata requests by passing the below argument to the ``kiam-agent Deamonset``.

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ sed -i '/args:/a \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ - --whitelist-route-regexp=meta-data' kiam.yaml

  - Make sure the "--iptables" argument is removed from the arguments passed

>     to the ``kiam-agent Daemonset``.

Reviewer 3: Were you planning to update the `helm template` command above to disable this via helm to avoid the manual instruction here?

Author: The default _is_ false.

  one of the application pods, and tcpdump command on the same EKS cluster node as the
  pod. Following is an example output, where ``192.169.98.118`` is the ip
  address of an application pod, and ``192.168.33.99`` is the ip address of the
  kiam agent running on the same node as the application pod.

  .. code-block:: bash

      $ kubectl exec app-pod -- curl -s -w "\n" -X GET http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/

  .. code-block:: bash

      $ sudo tcpdump -i any -enn "(port 8181) and (host 192.168.33.99 and 192.168.98.118)"
      tcpdump: verbose output suppressed, use -v or -vv for full protocol decode
      listening on any, link-type LINUX_SLL (Linux cooked), capture size 262144 bytes
      05:16:05.229597  In de:e4:e9:94:b5:9f ethertype IPv4 (0x0800), length 76: 192.168.98.118.47934 > 192.168.33.99.8181: Flags [S], seq 669026791, win 62727, options [mss 8961,sackOK,TS val 2539579886 ecr 0,nop,wscale 7], length 0
      05:16:05.229657 Out 56:8f:62:18:6f:85 ethertype IPv4 (0x0800), length 76: 192.168.33.99.8181 > 192.168.98.118.47934: Flags [S.], seq 2355192249, ack 669026792, win 62643, options [mss 8961,sackOK,TS val 4263010641 ecr 2539579886,nop,wscale 7], length 0

> Miscellaneous

Reviewer 3: :thinking: can we combine miscellaneous + limitations?

Author: I don't see any overlap so better to keep them separate?

         * In the Corefile, let CoreDNS serve health-check on its own IP instead of the static IP by
           removing the host IP string after health plugin.

         * Modify Node-local DNS cache's deployment yaml to point readiness probe to its own IP by
           removing the ``host`` field under ``readinessProbe``.

* Deploy local redirect policy (LRP) to steer DNS traffic to the node local dns cache.

  .. parsed-literal::

      $ kubectl apply -f \ |SCM_WEB|\/examples/kubernetes-local-redirect/node-local-dns-lrp.yaml

  .. note::

      * The LRP above uses ``kube-dns`` for the cluster DNS service, however if your cluster DNS service is different,
        you will need to modify this example LRP to specify it.
      * The namespace specified in the LRP above is set to the same namespace as the cluster's dns service.
      * The LRP above uses the same port names ``dns`` and ``dns-tcp`` as the example quick deployment yaml, you will
        need to modify those to match your deployment if they are different.

After all ``node-local-dns`` pods are in ready status, DNS traffic will now go to the local node-cache first.

> You can verify by checking the DNS cache's metrics such as ``coredns_cache_hits_total`` and

Author: I was able to successfully follow the quick guide. However, there is a minor issue with the verification step. I don't see the `coredns_cache_hits_total` counter.  

Here are some of the metrics that were getting incremented on my cluster as I initiated DNS queries from one of the application pods - 

```
curl 10.16.153.17:9253/metrics | grep coredns_cache
  % Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current
                                 Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed
  0     0    0     0    0     0      0      0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:--     0# HELP coredns_cache_misses_total The count of cache misses.
# TYPE coredns_cache_misses_total counter
coredns_cache_misses_total{server="dns://0.0.0.0:53"} 10
# HELP coredns_cache_size The number of elements in the cache.
# TYPE coredns_cache_size gauge
coredns_cache_size{server="dns://0.0.0.0:53",type="denial"} 3
coredns_cache_size{server="dns://0.0.0.0:53",type="success"} 4
```
Edit :  The counter finally showed up on my cluster after 20-30 minutes or so. 

 ```
curl 10.16.153.17:9253/metrics | grep coredns_cache
  % Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current
                                 Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed
100 38318    0 38318    0     0  18.2M      0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:--# HELP coredns_cache_hits_total The count of cache hits.
 18# TYPE coredns_cache_hits_total counter
.2coredns_cache_hits_total{server="dns://0.0.0.0:53",type="success"} 2
M# HELP coredns_cache_misses_total The count of cache misses.
```

Reviewer 2: I updated the gsg to check for `coredns_dns_request_count_total` instead as that directly reflects how many requests get redirected to nodelocal dns pod, the coredns_cache_{hits,misses}_total is internal to node-local-dns pod and might be different.

Local Redirect Policy updates are currently not supported. If there are any
changes to be made, delete the existing policy, and re-create a new one.

Use Cases
=========
Local redirect policy allows Cilium to support the following use cases:

Node-local DNS cache
--------------------
`DNS node-cache <https://github.com/kubernetes/dns>`_ listens on a static IP to intercept
traffic from application pods to the cluster's DNS service VIP by default, which will be
bypassed when Cilium is handling service resolution at or before the veth interface of the
application pod. To enable the DNS node-cache in a Cilium cluster, the following example
steers traffic to a local DNS node-cache which is run as a normal pod.

* Deploy DNS node-cache in pod namespace.

  .. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Quick Deployment

        Deploy DNS node-cache.

        .. parsed-literal::

>             $ kubectl apply -f \ |SCM_WEB|\/examples/kubernetes-local-redirect/node-local-dns.yaml

Author: These instructions don't work on GKE since the control plane doesn't let users deploy pods in the `kube-system` namespace. @Weil0ng Please document the expected workflow.

Author: Also, I tried this on a non-GKE cluster. I'm unable to download the image. 

 ```
 Normal   Scheduled       34s                default-scheduler  Successfully assigned kube-system/node-local-dns-gdn86 to k8s1
  Normal   Pulling         21s (x2 over 33s)  kubelet, k8s1      Pulling image "k8s.gcr.io/dns/k8s-dns-node-cache:1.15.16"
  Warning  Failed          20s (x2 over 32s)  kubelet, k8s1      Failed to pull image "k8s.gcr.io/dns/k8s-dns-node-cache:1.15.16": rpc error: code = Unknown desc = Error response from daemon: manifest for k8s.gcr.io/dns/k8s-dns-node-cache:1.15.16 not found: manifest unknown: Failed to fetch "1.15.16" from request "/v2/dns/k8s-dns-node-cache/manifests/1.15.16".
  Warning  Failed          20s (x2 over 32s)  kubelet, k8s1      Error: ErrImagePull
  Normal   SandboxChanged  18s (x7 over 31s)  kubelet, k8s1      Pod sandbox changed, it will be killed and re-created.
  Normal   BackOff         16s (x6 over 29s)  kubelet, k8s1      Back-off pulling image "k8s.gcr.io/dns/k8s-dns-node-cache:1.15.16"
  Warning  Failed          16s (x6 over 29s)  kubelet, k8s1      Error: ImagePullBackOff
```

Reviewer 2: GKE won't let you deploy in kube-system ns, I added a note about this

The image error is because the new release version 1.15.16 has not been pushed to the bucket yet by the kubernetes dns maintainers, question here is what do we do if the release is still not available when we release 1.9? Do we add a note or? Thoughts?

Author: /cc @joestringer @aanm

Reviewer 3: Assuming the latest update from @Weil0ng on Slack about an upstream release coming later this week, I'm okay to proceed with this as-is. We can just mention that this part doesn't yet work to the person validating this GSG, then do a quick check once the upstream release is out to confirm that the instructions work and don't need any further changes.

Author: I confirm that the image is now publicly available.

  traffic from the kiam agent to the AWS metadata server without any redirection,
  we need the socket lookup functionality in the datapath. This functionality
  requires v5.1.16, v5.2.0 or more recent Linux kernel. Make sure the kernel
  version installed on EKS cluster nodes satisfies these requirements.

- Deploy kiam.

  .. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Quick Start

            Deploy kiam using the example yaml file.

            .. parsed-literal::

                $ kubectl apply -f \ |SCM_WEB|\/examples/kubernetes-local-redirect/kiam.yaml -n kube-system

    .. group-tab:: Manual Configuration

        - Deploy `kiam <https://github.com/uswitch/kiam>`_ using helm charts.
            .. code-block:: bash

                $ helm repo add uswitch https://uswitch.github.io/kiam-helm-charts/charts/
                $ helm repo update
                $ helm template kiam uswitch/kiam > kiam.yaml

        - Edit the kiam yaml file, and remove the "--iptables" argument passed to the ``kiam-agent Daemonset``.

        - Make sure the ``kiam-agent Daemonset`` is run in the ``hostNetwork`` mode.

        - Apply the kiam configuration.

            .. code-block:: bash

>                 $ kubectl apply -f kiam-helm.yaml -n kube-system

Reviewer 3: At first, it is called `kaim.yaml`, at line 504 it is `kiam-helm.yaml`. These should be consistent.

Author: Fixed.

              ``redirectBackend`` configuration in the policy is set to the port that
              the kiam agent listens on. The port is passed as "--port" argument in
              the ``kiam-agent Daemonset``.
            - The local redirect policy namespace is set to the namespace
              in which kiam-agent Daemonset is deployed.

- Deploy the local redirect policy to redirect pod traffic to the deployed kiam agent.

    .. parsed-literal::

        $ kubectl apply -f \ |SCM_WEB|\/examples/kubernetes-local-redirect/kiam-lrp.yaml

- Once all the kiam agent pods are in ``Running`` state, the metadata requests
  from application pods should get redirected to the node-local kiam agent pods.
  You can verify this by running ``cilium monitor`` with ``related-to`` set to
  the endpoint id of one of the application pods.

Miscellaneous
=============
When a local redirect policy is applied, cilium BPF datapath translates frontend
(ip/port/protocol tuple) from the policy to a node-local backend pod selected
by the policy. However, such translation is skipped for traffic that originates
from the backend and is destined to the frontend.

> 

Reviewer 3: The KIAM section seems to be duplicated at the moment.

Minor extra nit, this currently has 5 empty lines at the end of the file which are unnecessary and can be removed.

Author: >The KIAM section seems to be duplicated at the moment.

Looks like a result of bad merge? Fixed.

Reviewer 3: @aditighag did you push the fixed version?

Author: Not yet, fixing the bad merge.

Author: Yes, pushed the fixed version. PTAL.
